Added labeling function for WarpX CI tests (#5253)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/developers/testing.rst

       ctest --test-dir build -E laser_acceleration

> * Run tests labeled with the ``slow`` label:
> 
>   .. code-block:: sh
> 
>        ctest --test-dir build -L slow

Reviewer: A better example might be:
```suggestion
* Run only tests not labeled with the ``slow`` label:

  .. code-block:: sh

       ctest --test-dir build -LE slow
```
